= Craigslist Plugin

A plugin useful for aggregating Craigslist postings, worldwide.  Originally written to collect "internet engineer" jobs specifically for Ruby on Rails telecommuting.

== Setup

Requirements:
  Rails 3.x

Create the craigslist_postings table
  rails generate craigslist
  
Migrate
  rake db:migrate

== Usage

Instantiate a Craigslist::Parser object, and call get_postings
  parser = Craigslist::Parser.new
  postings = parser.get_postings

== Rails Usage

The Craigslist::Parser::get_postings method is a long operation.  We recommend installing Tobi's delayed_job[https://github.com/tobi/delayed_job] gem, so your user's don't wait for 10 minutes.  After all, you are searching through craigslist worldwide!

Then subclass the Craigslist::Parser model in RAILS_ROOT/app/models/my_parser.rb
  class MyParser < Craigslist::Parser
    handle_asynchronously :get_postings

    def before_get_postings
      puts ">>> BEFORE_GET"
      # Code here gets executed BEFORE "get_postings" is called
    end

    def after_get_postings
      puts ">>> AFTER_GET"
      # Code here gets executed AFTER "get_postings" is called
    end
  end

== Other Types of Postings

If you want to aggregate other types of jobs you'll need to pass in the :search_path.  For example, let's say you want to look for "systems / network" contract jobs and search for "linux" within that category.
  parser = Craigslist::Parser.new(:search_path => "/search/sad?query=linux&srchType=A&addTwo=contract&format=rss")

In the above search_path we dissect:
* "sad" for the job type "systems / network"
* "query=linux" for the search term
* "addTwo=contract" for contracting jobs only

The way you determine the search_path parameters is to go to a state or area specific craigslist page and walk through a manual HTML search first.  After you perform a manual search using the form, take note of the URL in the address bar.  Just copy everything from "/search" to the end of the query string, and use that as your "search_path" passed into the Craigslist::Parser.

=== Updates

Fork it, tweak it, check it in and send me a pull request.  I'll merge it if it makes sense.

We hope someone finds it useful.

Copyright (c) 2011 Midwire Technologies, LLC, released under the MIT license
